Short explanations for puppet modules listed here (to know exactly what
they do, you need to look inside):

apt_ltspbuild_proxy
    Use apt proxy when building ltsp-images.

autopoweroff
    Settings for autopoweroff.

citrix
    Configurations for Citrix client.

console
    Startup getty on a console device.

crash_reporting
    Disable "whoopsie".

desktop
    Desktop settings.

disable_accounts_service
    Accounts service daemon is not needed by our system and it seriously
    slows system down in Trusty, at login time and otherwise.  This module
    disables it (while leaving the package intact).

disable_geoclue
    Disable Ubuntu's geoclue-stuff.

disable_gnome_keyring_autostart
    Disable Gnome-keyring starting up automatically at desktop session.
    This is confusing for people who do not know what it is.  But we do leave
    the package in case someone needs it and knows how to use it.

disable_update_notifications
    Disable some functionality in update-notifier-common package
    (just removing the package would be nice, but ttf-mscorefonts-installer
    package depends on it).

ebeam
    Special settings for Ebeam software/device.

espon_scanner
    Special udev- and sane-configurations for a particular Espon scanner.

firefox
    Settings for Firefox.

google-earth-stable
    Settings for a particular version of Google Earth.

google_talkplugin
    Install google talkplugin, but do not install its apt repository key
    and apt source.

graphics_drivers
    Setup proprietary nvidia drivers in a such a way they can be used
    (without breaking everything else).

image
    Collections of other modules.

kaffeine
    Some tuning for kaffeine-dvd.desktop for watching DVDs.

kernels
    Kernel related stuff.

keyutils
    Integrate cifs with request-key.

ktouch
    Some extra ktouch training files.

libreoffice
    Set default office formats to MS Office formats, and add a "sujutellaan"
    font.

lightdm
    Some lightdm configurations (some of these come from ltsp-lightdm package).

mimio
    Make a wrapper for mimio panel applet so that it will start up
    conditionally.

motd
    Add stuff to MOTD, that means at least host type and ltsp image
    name/version.

network_manager
    Allow users to modify network manager connections, but clean them
    up so that those modifications are (normally) only temporary.

open-sankore
   Finnish translation for Open-Sankore until it's found from 
   upstream.

packages
    Lists packages that are to be installed to ltsp images,
    and those that should be kept out.

promethean
    Add support for Promethean whiteboards.

puavo_external_files
    Some helper definitions for setting up links to /state/external_files.

puavo_openvpn
    Configurations for puavo-openvpn.  The actual remote addresses are
    stored in config::vpn.

puavo_wlan
    Configurations for puavo-wlanap.

smartboard
    Special rules for handling smartboard software.  Make a wrapper for
    smartboard panel so that it will start up conditionally.

ssh_client
    Settings for openssh client.  XXX these actually weaken security from
    default, should find a way to do this in a smarter way.

sudo
    Settings for sudo.

tuxpaint
    Tuxpaint related configurations.

udev
    udev-related issues.  For now, contains workarounds to trigger udev-stuff
    so that usb memory-sticks work correctly, as well as other device
    permission related issues.

use_urandom
    Install rng-tools and configure it to use /dev/urandom as a source of
    random numbers.

wacom
    udev-rules for wacom.

webmenu
    Our own branding for webmenu.

xexit
    Configurations (a killing script) for xexit (xexit is triggered, if a
    connection to X is broken.  This is basically used to kill processes
    that stay behind when they should not).
